---
title: CMTS, Embassies of Denmark and Norway Webinar on UNESCO Decade of the Ocean and Sustainable Marine Transportation System
description: This post is an example of an extra post for good measure
layout: post
event_date: Thursday, January 13, 2022 1:01 AM
date: November 3, 2021
excerpt: In support of the United Nations Decade of Ocean Science for sustainable Development, the U.S. Committee on the Marine Transportation System (CMTS) is partnering with the Embassy of Denmark and Norwegian Embassy to co-host a virtual public forum for meaningful discussion on applied science and technologies toward a sustainable marine transportation system (MTS) for healthier oceans.
category:
  - Upcoming Event
tags:
  - COVID
  - Arctic
doc1: /documents/2016-01-05_Res…ary_(Public_Version).pdf
---

In support of the United Nations Decade of Ocean Science for sustainable Development, the U.S. Committee on the Marine Transportation System (CMTS) is partnering with the Embassy of Denmark and Norwegian Embassy to co-host a virtual public forum for meaningful discussion on applied science and technologies toward a sustainable marine transportation system (MTS) for healthier oceans. The webinar will be held virtually via WebEx on Tuesday, December 14 from 0900 – 1100 U.S. Eastern Time. Opening remarks will be provided by Ms. Lucinda Lessley, Acting Administrator of the U.S. Maritime Administration, with an overview on Decade of the Ocean provided by Mr. Julian Barbiére, Head of Marine Policy and Regional Coordination Section, Ocean Decade Focal Point, UNESCO - IOC.

The event will also feature a panel of international representatives engaged in applied science and technologies fostering a more sustainable MTS to include Dr. Arne Fredheim, Research Director with the Norwegian University of Science and Technology, Mr. Claus Winter Graugaard, Head of Onboard Vessel Solutions with the Maersk McKinney Moller Center for Zero Carbon Shipping, and Dr. Joe Pratt, CEO and CTO of Zero Emission Industries. Ms. Helen Brohl, Executive Director of the CMTS will moderate the event. We invite you to join us as we envision sustainable development of the MTS for healthier oceans.